Release 3.4.2 (#1484)
nf-core/sarek: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [dev](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/tree/dev) - Unreleased

Author: https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/pull/1498 will fix this bit

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [3.4.2](https://github.com/nf-core/sarek/releases/tag/3.4.2) - Sájtáristjåhkkå

> Sájtáristjåhkkå is another peak (just under 2k) in the Pårte massif, it is one of the few peak in Sweden that cannot be climbed without proper climbing equipments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sájtáristjåhkkå is another peak (just under 2k) in the Pårte massif, it is one of the few peaks in Sweden that cannot be climbed without proper climbing equipment.
```
